[THINKING]
ONLY TWO SHADOW DUELISTS
ARE LEFT...
AND VICTORY
FINALLY SEEMS NEAR...
BUT IT WOULD MEAN
SO MUCH MORE...
IF MY BROTHER WERE
HERE WITH ME...
HIS BODY AND HIS MIND.
LIKE IT USED TO BE...
Atticus: ALEXIS.
ALEXIS!
HUH?
HMM.
ADDY!!
WHATCHA GOT THERE,
SQUIRT?
HEY, SOME
TOUGH CARDS--
BUT DUELING'S ABOUT
MORE THAN POWER.
WHAT?
WHADAYA MEAN, BRO?
HMM.
WHAT I MEAN...
IS THAT YOU NEED
A GOOD PURPOSE
FOR DUELING.
A REASON...
THAT'S WHAT REALLY
MATTERS IN A MATCH.
HUH? YEAH OKAY.
ONE DAY YOU'LL BE
A GREAT DUELIST, SIS.
Man: YOU MISS HIM...
BUT THERE IS A WAY
TO GET HIM BACK...
WHO IS THAT?!!
COME WITH ME...
AND I'LL GIVE ATTICUS
BACK ALL HIS MEMORIES.
IF YOU CAN DEFEAT ME
IN A DUEL THAT IS...
AT THE PLACE WHERE
WE FIRST MET...
THE ABANDONED DORM!
HUH?
[GROANING]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHO WAS THAT?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[SNORING]
[KURIBOH CHIRPING]
NO WAKE...
MUST SLEEP MORE.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
OKAY, ALREADY!
I'M COMING!
AAH! STAY BACK!
AAH! WHAT'S WITH YOU?!
NO SLEEP.
BECAUSE OF THE NEWS
I JUST HEARD.
WHAT IS IT?
[CHIRPS]
OHH!
SO?
THERE'S NO SIGN.
IT'S LIKE SHE
JUST DISAPPEARED.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND,
IT'S NOT LIKE ALEXIS TO
JUST UP AND VANISH!
MAYBE HER BROTHER
KNOWS HER WHEREABOUTS.
All: ATTICUS!
Crowler: DEAR ME!
Jaden: ARE YOU OKAY?!
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
IT WAS...HIM...
T--TITAN...
IT WAS TITAN?!
WHO IS TITAN?
TALK TO US!
[THINKING]
TITAN?!
THAT'S THE NAME
THE SHADOW DUELIST
WANTED ME TO MAKE
THE CHECK OUT TO
WHEN I HIRED
HIM TO SCARE OFF JADEN!
AND I NEVER PAID HIM...
[THUNDER]
OHH!
ALRIGHT...
SO WE DUEL...
AND IF I WIN...
YOU RESTORE
MY BROTHER'S MEMORY!
THAT'S THE DEAL!
YOUR END OF IT,
AT LEAST.
BUT IF I WIN,
I GET SOMETHING, TOO.
YOUR SPIRIT KEY
AND YOUR SOUL
TO TAKE BACK WITH ME
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
YOU SEE, DEAR...
WHEN YOU AND I
FIRST MET UP,
I WAS BUT A CHARLATAN
OF THE SHADOWS.
HOWEVER, SINCE BEING
TAKEN IN BY THEM...
I AM NOW THE REAL DEAL,
AN AUTHENTIC
SHADOW RIDER!
LET US BEGIN!
Syrus: THERE THEY ARE!
THEY'RE GONNA DUEL!
AND HOW!
ALEXIS!
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU,
NOW BEAT THIS CREEP!
AHHH! THEN THIS ISN'T ABOUT
COLLECTING THAT CHECK.
WHAT "CHECK?"
WHAT DOES
THAT MEAN??
OH, NOTHING.
[THINKING]
ALRIGHT, ATTICUS.
THIS ONE'S FOR YOU.
[THINKING]
DON'T WORRY, ATTICUS.
I'M GOING TO WIN YOU YOUR
MEMORY BACK HERE AND NOW!
LET'S DUEL!
READY YOURSELF
FOR THE SHADOWS!
I SUMMON PICADOR FIEND
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE ONE
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
BUT NOT
YOUR TROUBLES!
I SUMMON
CYBER TUTU!
I THOUGHT WE WERE DUELING,
NOT PLAYING DOLLIES.
YEAH, WELL THIS
SO-CALLED DOLLIE
IS ABOUT TO PLAY
HAVOC WITH YOUR
LIFE POINTS!
HA HA HA!
IT'S TRUE, SHE DOES
HAVE ME OUTMATCHED.
YOU'LL BEAT
MY MONSTER EASILY!
[THINKING]
THAT IS, IF I DIDN'T
HAVE A FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD THAT'LL
ACTIVATE AND DESTROY
THAT CYBER TUTU
AS SOON AS SHE
ATTACKS WITH HER!
[THINKING]
SOMETHING'S
NOT RIGHT...
HIS FACEDOWN!
I PLAY
ALLEGRO TOILE!
IT GIVES MY
BALLERINA A LITTLE
EXTRA KICK
BY DESTROYING ONE
TRAP OR SPELL CARD
ON THE FIELD!
HYAH!
NO!
NOW, CYBER TUTU,
TAKE THE LEAD...
IN THIS DANCE
AND IN THIS DUEL, TOO,
BECAUSE CYBER TUTU
CAN ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
HYAH! HYAH!
AAH! UGH!
NEXT I PLACE
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
HEY, ALEXIS
IS WINNING!
Zane: IT'S TRUE.
SO FAR, HER RESOLVE
TO WIN FOR ATTICUS
HAS PROVEN STRONGER
THAN TITAN'S
SHADOW CREATURES.
WELL, WE'LL JUST
SEE ABOUT THAT!
NOW, PICADOR FIEND,
ATTACK CYBER TUTU!
SORRY!
GO DOBLE PASSE!
SO NOW...
I TAKE THE ATTACK!
[GROANING]
SO WHY'D I DO IT?
BECAUSE NOW, YOU
HAVE TO TAKE
A DIRECT HIT
FROM CYBER TUTU!!
WHAT THE?!
GO POUNDING
PIROUETTE!
HYAH! HYAH!
AAH! AAH!
UNH!
ALRIGHT!
YOU SHOW HIM, ALEXIS!
SHE'S KICKIN' BUTT!
IT'S A LONG DUEL,
JADEN.
DON'T START
CELEBRATING YET.
Chazz: YEAH,
JUST WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO DO--
JINX HER OR
SOMETHING?
SORRY.
[THINKING]
OKAY...
SO FAR SO GOOD...
I JUST NEED TO GIVE
HIM A FEW MORE
OF THOSE COMBO
ATTACKS AND...
HA HA HA!
NOW WHAT?
OH, I'M JUST REMEMBERING
OUR FIRST ENCOUNTER.
MY, HOW THE TABLES
HAVE TURNED.
YEAH. YOU GOT
THAT RIGHT.
NOW I'M NOT JUST
SOME VICTIM
THAT GOT KIDNAPPED
AND STUFFED
IN A COFFIN!
NOW I CAN
FIGHT BACK!
NO, DEAR...
I MEAN...BEFORE YOU
WERE THE BAIT LURING
MY PREY TO ME.
BUT NOW, YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S MY QUARRY,
MY TARGET!
AND NOW, DEAR...
I'M GOING TO TREAT
YOU AS SUCH.
I PLAY RITUAL
OF THE MATADOR!
AND NEXT...I SACRIFICE
THE LEVEL 6 SUMMONED SKULL...
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
MATADOR FIEND!
[GROWLS]
A MONSTER
WITH ZERO ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS?
SOMETHING TELLS ME
THERE'S MORE
TO HIM THAN
MEETS THE EYE.
OH, THERE IS, SO KEEP
A SHARP LOOKOUT,
THOUGH THAT MAY BE
DIFFICULT TO DO
AFTER I PLAY THIS!
DIFFICULT FOR YOU,
THAT IS.
NOT FOR ME.
I ACTIVATE DARK ARENA!
THE FIELD!
I CAN'T SEE!
[MONSTER GROWLS]
[THINKING]
HOW CAN I FIGHT
IF I CAN'T
MAKE OUT MY ENEMIES?
YOUR MOVE!
HA HA HA!
Zane: WHAT HAPPENED?
Syrus: I CAN'T SEE
ANYTHING IN THERE!
Crowler: SOMEONE
SHOULD GO IN THERE!
SOMEONE OTHER THAN ME,
OF COURSE.
SOME GRILLED
CHEESE...
I'M EATING
GRILLED CHEESE...
A BIG, MELTING
TRIPLE-DECKER OF IT.
JADEN...YOU TOOK
THIS GUY ON
IN A DUEL BEFORE!
TELL ALEXIS HOW TO
GET OUT OF THIS JAM!
WISH I COULD, BUT SOMETHIN'
TELLS ME HE'S DIFFERENT NOW.
THE GUY I DUELED
WAS A SHAM.
Crowler: I CONCUR.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I EVER HIRED HIM.
HUH?
OR WHY I SAID
THAT OUT LOUD.
POINT IS...THIS TIME,
HIS POWERS ARE REAL.
Titan: HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
WITH THIS DARK ARENA
CARD IN PLAY,
I CAN'T SEE
ANYTHING...
INCLUDING WHAT
MONSTERS TITAN
HAS OUT!
HA HA HA!
THE DARKNESS IS FITTING
FOR A SHADOW DUEL,
DON'T YOU THINK?
BUT STILL, ALLOW ME TO
SHED AT LEAST SOME LIGHT
ON THE SITUATION.
HERE, IN THE DARK ARENA,
YOUR MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE
MUST ATTACK.
BUT SINCE THEY
CAN'T SEE...
I AM ALLOWED TO CHOOSE
THEIR TARGET FOR THEM.
WELL THEN THAT'S
A CASE OF THE BLIND
LEADING THE BLIND.
AFTER ALL, JUST
BECAUSE MY MONSTERS
AND I CAN'T SEE,
IT DOESN'T MEAN
WE CAN'T WIN!
I'LL JUST NEED
SOMEONE WHO
REALLY PACKS
A POWERFUL PUNCH!
HERE WE GO!
MY DRAW!
PERFECT.
I ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD...
POLYMERIZATION!
FUSING ETOILE CYBER
AND BLADE SKATER
TO CREATE...
CYBER BLADER!
AND WHAT'S COOL
ABOUT HER...
IS HER SPECIAL
EFFECT CHANGES
WITH THE NUMBER
OF MONSTERS YOU HAVE.
DOES IT?
YEAH, AND SINCE YOU
HAVE TWO MONSTERS
OUT ON THE FIELD,
CYBER BLADER'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE
DOUBLED TO 4200!
CHECK IT OUT!
HA HA HA!
4200 ATTACK POINTS?
WHATEVER WILL I DO?
YOU'LL GET
YOUR BUTT KICKED,
CUZ NOW IT DOESN'T
MATTER WHO I ATTACK!
MY BLADER'S
THE STRONGEST
CREATURE OUT!
SHE'LL TAKE DOWN
ANY TARGET!
NOW...GO IN!
FACE HER,
MATADOR FIEND!
GO WHIRLWIND RAGE!
WHAT? MY CYBER
BLADER IS SO
MUCH STRONGER
THAN THAT
MATADOR FIEND!
SHE SHOULD WIN THIS!
AAH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, I'M SORRY.
DIDN'T YOU KNOW?
MATADOR FIEND CANNOT
BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
AND IT ALSO
DOESN'T TAKE DAMAGE.
ALTHOUGH...THE MONSTER
THAT BATTLES IT...
IS DESTROYED.
NO WAY...
THERE'S MORE.
JUST LIKE I SAID BEFORE...
EVERY MONSTER THAT'S
IN ATTACK MODE HERE...
MUST NOW
BATTLE EACH OTHER.
I DON'T THINK SO!
CYBER TUTU'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS HER TO ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
SO YOUR
MATADOR FIEND
WILL HAVE TO
PICK A FIGHT
WITH SOMEONE ELSE!
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE WRONG AGAIN!
CYBER TUTU'S SPECIAL ABILITY
ONLY ACTIVATES...
IF THERE ARE NO MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD
WITH LESS ATTACK POINTS.
BUT MY MATADOR FIEND
HAS ZERO ATTACK POINTS.
SO YOU SEE, CYBER TUTU'S
EFFECT CAN'T BE USED.
NOR WILL IT
EVER BE USED AGAIN
AFTER PICADOR FIEND
GETS DONE WITH HER!
THIS WILL BE
HER LAST DANCE.
TUTU!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
SO THIS IS WHAT
A SHADOW GAME...
FEELS LIKE.
[GASPING]
MAN...I HOPE ALEXIS...
IS OKAY IN THERE.
DON'T WORRY, ALEXIS.
AT LEAST YOUR BROTHER
WON'T REMEMBER THAT
YOU FAILED HIM.
HA HA HA!
I'M NOT GOING
TO FAIL HIM!
I PLAY CYBER GYMNAST
IN DEFENSE MODE!
GIMME
YOUR BEST SHOT.
DEAR...IF YOU ACTUALLY
KNEW WHAT MY BEST WAS...
I DOUBT THAT YOU WOULD BE
SO EAGER FOR IT.
OH REALLY?
HAVEN'T YOU
REALIZED YET?
I'M NOT THE SAME DUELIST
YOU KNEW FROM BEFORE.
I CHANGED WHEN
THE SHADOWS TOOK ME IN.
HELP ME!
ANYONE!
OH, PLEASE,
I'M BEGGING YOU!
SOMEBODY! I'LL DO
ANYTHING-JUST PLEASE HELP!
YOU'LL DO ANYTHING?
SO BE IT.
I WILL SPARE YOU
THE AGONY OF THE SHADOWS,
AND YOU WILL BE
MY DEVOTED SERVANT.
YOU WILL DO MY BIDDING.
ALRIGHT! VERY WELL!
JUST TELL ME WHAT
YOU WANT ME TO DO!
I WANT YOU TO DEFEAT
THOSE THAT GUARD
THE SACRED BEASTS.
AND THIS SHADOW CHARM
THIS WILL HELP YOU DO IT.
HA HA HA!
HA HA HA! HA HA HA!
SO YOU SEE...NOW, I'M
MORE POWERFUL THAN EVER!
HA HA HA!
AND UGLIER.
BUT I GOT NEWS
FOR YOU,
TRUE DUELING POWER
DOESN'T COME
FROM SOME
SHADOW CHARM!
IT COMES FROM
THE REASONS
WHY YOU DUEL.
AND THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE GOING
TO LOSE THIS!
GOT IT?!
THE REASONS
WHY YOU DUEL?
WHERE DID YOU GET
THAT FROM?
SURELY NOT FROM
YOUR BELOVED BROTHER--
AFTER ALL, THE WHOLE REASON
HE BECAME A SHADOW RIDER
WAS TO GAIN POWER.
THAT'S NOT TRUE!
YOU'RE A LIAR!
I'M SORRY,
BUT IT'S A FACT.
BUT IF YOU STILL
DON'T BELIEVE ME...
JUST WAIT!
AFTER ALL, ONCE I
BANISH YOU TO THE SHADOWS...
YOU'LL SEE WHAT I MEAN.
AND YOU'LL SEE SOON!
BECAUSE THE PICADOR FIEND
NOW ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY!
[ROARING]
[GROANING]
I KNOW IT'S TOUGH,
ATTICUS.
WE JUST HAVE TO
HOPE SHE'S OKAY.
HA HA HA!
THE END IS NEAR...
THE SHADOWS BECKON.
YOU SQUIRM BUT THEY
STILL CLOSE IN...
IT IS SIMPLY A MATTER
OF TIME NOW.
[THINKING]
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
WITH CYBER GYMNAST'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN DISCARD ONE
CARD FROM MY HAND
AND DESTROY ONE
OF HIS MONSTERS.
BUT SINCE I DON'T
HAVE ANY CARDS
RIGHT NOW
I'LL HAVE TO WAIT
UNTIL NEXT ROUND
TO USE IT...
HA HA HA!
WHAT ARE YOU PLOTTING
OVER THERE?
LET ME GUESS.
SOMETHING
WITH CYBER GYMNAST?
WELL, DON'T EVEN BOTHER!
SHE WON'T BE AROUND
FOR MUCH LONGER!
I SUMMON
BANDERILLERO FIEND!
AND HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
DESTROYS YOUR CYBER GYMNAST!
HA HA HA!
GET UP!
OR ARE YOUR REASONS
FOR DUELING...
NOT ENOUGH...ANYMORE?
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
MAYBE HE'S RIGHT...
MAYBE THEY'RE
NOT ENOUGH...
BECAUSE AS MUCH AS I
WANT TO WIN THIS...
I SIMPLY DON'T HAVE
THE STRENGTH.
IT'S OVER...MY KEY,
MY BROTHER, MY SOUL...
I'VE LOST THEM ALL.
THAT'S RIGHT,
STAY DOWN.
THERE'S NO POINT
TO KEEP FIGHTING.
YOU CAN'T WIN!
AFTER ALL...THE REASONS
YOU FIGHT
AREN'T NEARLY AS STRONG
AS THE SHADOWS!
Atticus: ALEXIS!
DON'T GIVE UP!
YOU CAN DO THIS!
BRO.
LEXI...
CAN'T STOP!
WHAT'S THIS?!
THIS IS MY TURN!
AND I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
SO NOW...I GET TO
DRAW TWO NEW CARDS!
HMM.
AND WITH ONE
OF THEM,
I CAN CALL BACK
AN OLD ONE!
I PLAY THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE
TO BRING BACK
BLADE SKATER
TO MY HAND!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
FUSION RECOVERY...
IT ALLOWS ME TO
BRING BACK
POLYMERIZATION
AND ETOILE CYBER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
WHAT?!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION
AND FUSE TOGETHER
ETOILE CYBER
AND BLADE SKATER
TO SUMMON...
CYBER BLADER!
YOU REMEMBER HER?!
WELL NOW SHE'S BACK
AND READY TO GET
SOME SWEET REVENGE!
THIS IS OVER!
YOUR SHADOW POWERS
HAVE FAILED YOU!
YOU'VE LOST
THE DUEL!
HUH. YOU'RE DELIRIOUS.
I HAVE STILL
THREE MONSTERS OUT!
AND YOU ARE STILL
IN THE DARK.
YEAH, MAYBE,
BUT NOT FOR LONG!
BECAUSE MY
CYBER BLADER'S
ABOUT TO LIGHT UP
YOUR WORLD!
YOU LIE!
WRONG!
SINCE YOU HAVE
THREE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
BLADER'S SPECIAL
ABILITY,
SHINING CYBER LIGHT,
ACTIVATES!
CANCELING ANY AND ALL
EFFECTS YOU HAVE OUT!
NO FAIR!
DARK ARENA!
YOU'VE DESTROYED
MY SPELL!
Jaden: HEY, LOOK!
THE SHADOWS ARE
DISAPPEARING!!
ALEXIS IS OKAY!
AND THERE'S MORE!
MATADOR FIEND'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
TO REDUCE BATTLE
DAMAGE TO ZERO
IS NEGATED, TOO!
NO!
SO GO...
CYBER BLADER!
ATTACK WITH
SKATE BLADE SLASH!
[CHIRPING]
[GROANS]
OHH!
[GROANING]
NO! NO!
NO, NO...NOT AGAIN!
[MOANING]
Titan: NOOOOO!
ATTICUS...
LEXI.
ADDY...
WELCOME BACK.
THANKS, LEX.
FOR EVERYTHING.
BUT...WAIT...
THERE ARE SO MANY
UNANSWERED QUESTIONS,
LIKE HOW YOU
EVER ENDED UP
IN THE SHADOW REALM.
TITAN SAID YOU DID IT
FOR THE POWER.
BELIEVE ME, LEXI.
I NEVER CHOSE TO GO.
ONE DAY A FEW OF US
WERE TOLD TO MEET
AT THE ABANDONED DORM.
AND THEN...WELL...
IT HAPPENED.
SEE, THERE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
A DUEL TEST IN THE BASEMENT,
BUT INSTEAD, WE FOUND HUNDREDS
OF THOSE LITTLE SHADOW FIENDS.
I COULDN'T ESCAPE...
I WAS THEN BROUGHT
TO THE SHADOW REALM AND KEPT.
FOR MONTHS THEY
BRAINWASHED ME.
'TIL I BECAME THIS THING
CALLED NIGHTSHROUD.
BUT WHO?!
WHO WAS IT THAT
BRAINWASHED YOU?
I NEVER DID
FIGURE THAT OUT.
HOWEVER...
THE PERSON WHO
CALLED ME
TO TAKE THE DUEL
TEST WAS...
IT WAS
PROFESSOR BANNER.
[GASPS]
[GASPING]
OUR PROFESSOR BANNER?!
[THINKING]
SO HE'S IN ON IT?!